#I'm thinking of displaying a random quote at startup, here's some we could use:

Ah, the wails of a victim. Almost as heartbreaking as the victim of a whale.
You slumber, a cucumber
I didn't have a girl over, it was a very feminine man
You need to unsquareroot that number
You should be thankful I don't have a 4K mic!
Yes, a cucumber, as in an unpickled pickle
I can't stand cringe
You use arch btw
Trust nobody - not even your smart fridge.
You turn my zeroes into ones - are you calling me a NOT gate?
Oh no I've run out of bacteria ahhh where's my bacteria noooooo
You look like a guy who likes integration
I am pro radiation, yes
You're not going to improve by osmosis!
Fate. Destiny. Fatestinaty.
You couldn't seek your way out of a cardboard bag!
Be excellent to each other
Party on dudes
Always together, drug detector dog.
GREGGS GREGGS GREGGS GREGGS
I am Hexachlorophene J. Goodfortune, Kidnapper-At-Large, and Devourer of Tortoises par Excellence
The Genie rubs his meta-lamp and summons a meta-genie.
An evil Majotaur has created a tiny labyrinth
My sensibility is far too delicate to handle the bizarre chord progressions which occur when time is reversed.
Exactly 36 nanoseconds
Keep it light and repeat it often
It must be because of this sturdy commercial signage fixture upon which we are perched.
IF THEN THEN THEN = ELSE; ELSE ELSE = THEN;
Business goose
Uh, what is Jalapenos?
If knowledge is power, then to be unknown is to be unconquerable.
You are now an upright headless torso
I'm not the messiah!
Strange women in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government!
'Tis but a scratch!
I'm assuming you guys have trains to visit, people to rob, plants to catch...
You are an OSHA violation
I've had enough - I'm downloading the school
I've written Javascript for the last 3 months, I don't want to have to write more
Please don't bench the wakefield police computer
Do you want me to buy you a really big key?
Free soup!
We're thinking a monarchy for the Republic of the Republic.
And every time we touch it's an epic gamer moment
Not only do I use arch, I can also exit vim
I stride alone to strive alone to unify all men in the greasy heat of my unifrier
Can you take it? The crushing blow of that fiery silence as it explodes in your ear with silence?!
What Operating System she running, DOS Ex Machina?
IT'S AN AIRQUAKE! A SOULSHAKE!!
Truly the giver is the receiver of a re-give-ed gift.
I know what you mean - you mean "I don't know what you mean"
There's a thin line between a friendship and a foeboat
Strange things are afoot at the Circle-K
Let's buy some cronts
Koennen Sie Englisch?
Dede Korkut is a heroic dastan
Quick question: how luscious is too luscious for your hair?
I have such seismic rizz I managed to wife a woman that doesn't exist
I'll also get a pet balrog :)
The tape is infinite (I have attached it to a factory)
I've either made a mistake or I have the most powerful computer in the universe
I'll show you what it means to be spared
Do not spray into eyes, I have sprayed you into my eyes
Does Canada even have a spy agency?
They bury his body in the ground, but his soul goes to heaven
We got 'em beat, yeah!
These are parallelograms, albeit they're squares
I don't understand computers
Vir in flumen urbe legonem ceciderat!
Consider the philosophical and metaphysical of- BANANA! BANANA! BANANA!
Too many carrots :(
Dadadaaduhdaaa dundun
Why do you suppose I just hurled a chair at your head, Nieman?
All the way down
I am 100% qualified to play bass after having had a pint of cider
Surely more machine than man?
In the past 12 seconds I have learnt how to read
Was ist passiert?????
The question didn't say hence, so I used the fundemental theorem of calculus
Your majesty, may I show you a magic trick?
Truly, the A-Level series is one of our finest inventions
The school just donated me a 3D printer worth 1,200 quid
I am on the floor hee hoo
Big Yoda and small Chewbacca
What do you run on, Rockette Morton?
It's simple - you can just approximate a large n-gon to a circle and divide by about pi
These walls are too thin, it's easy to eavesdrop and I don't really mind what I've been hearing
I'm a survivor, we're a dying breed
It truly is possible to miss someone you'll never meet
Very beautiful chaos
You will be expelled if you listen to this song before 8AM
Please tell me more facts about ice
You can't actually multiply by dx, but just pretend that you can
Some seeds, a little snack, organic memory
Skip stones on the river Styx, and be the first to abandon ship
I am the eggman, they are the eggmen, I am the walrus
Take it in light, you can keep it
They're taking the hobbits to Isengard!
An intriguing consideration
Back to the origins, let me begin
